keyboard-layout /Default/XkbDisable                                    false
keyboard-layout /Default/XkbLayout                                     ca
keyboard-layout /Default/XkbVariant                                    fr-legacy
xfce4-desktop /backdrop/screen0/monitorVNC-0/workspace0/color-style    0
xfce4-desktop /backdrop/screen0/monitorVNC-0/workspace0/image-style    0
xfce4-desktop /backdrop/screen0/monitorVNC-0/workspace0/last-image
xfce4-desktop /backdrop/screen0/monitorVNC-0/workspace1/color-style    0
xfce4-desktop /backdrop/screen0/monitorVNC-0/workspace1/image-style    0
xfce4-desktop /backdrop/screen0/monitorVNC-0/workspace1/last-image
xfce4-desktop /backdrop/screen0/monitorVNC-0/workspace2/color-style    0
xfce4-desktop /backdrop/screen0/monitorVNC-0/workspace2/image-style    0
xfce4-desktop /backdrop/screen0/monitorVNC-0/workspace2/last-image
xfce4-desktop /backdrop/screen0/monitorVNC-0/workspace3/color-style    0
xfce4-desktop /backdrop/screen0/monitorVNC-0/workspace3/image-style    0
xfce4-desktop /backdrop/screen0/monitorVNC-0/workspace3/last-image
xfce4-desktop /desktop-icons/file-icons/show-filesystem                false
xfce4-desktop /desktop-icons/file-icons/show-home                      false
xfce4-desktop /desktop-icons/file-icons/show-removable                 false
xfce4-desktop /desktop-icons/file-icons/show-trash                     false
xsettings /Net/ThemeName                                               Arc-Dark
xfwm4 /general/theme                                                   Arc-Dark
xfwm4 /general/use_compositing                                         false
